[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm radio and television
host, Jimmy Church,
and I'm here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is Billy
Carson, CEO, entrepreneur,
and best selling
author who is an expert
on ancient civilizations and
the mysteries of Egypt's past.
>> So these structures were
built in a specific way
to actually harness the
natural Earth energies.
So the architecture is
like living architecture.
>>Technical assistant Josh.
Josh can you pull up the map?
>>Yeah.
>>Also joins us to
help set the scenes.
Join us as we deep dive to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>>Something energetic
was happening back then.
What exactly it
is, we don't know.
But somebody had technology.
>>Welcome to Into the Vortex,
I'm your host, Jimmy Church,
and today our guest
is Billy Carson.
And we're going to
be discussing, Egypt.
Billy is a best bestselling
author of Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets.
I wrote the foreword
to that book.
>>Yes.
>>Billy, welcome
to Into the Vortex.
>>Nice to be here.
Thank you for having me.
>>It's great to have you,
but before we get started,
it's going to be a great
conversation today.
But I have to ask
you, Josh, what
has attracted you to Egypt?
What is appealing?
>>I'm definitely drawn
to Giza and The Sphinx.
I know it's a little cliche, but
I need to see it in this life,
it's on my bucket list.
>>What about spirituality?
>>Well, I hear people have
some interesting experiences,
especially inside some of
the megalithic structures,
particularly the Giza.
And I'm interested to know
what that experience is like.
>>This conversation is
exactly what you need.
And for me Billy, the spiritual,
the physical side of visiting
these sites, and you, of course,
leading me through all of this,
it was profound, it
was life changing,
it was certainly
a paradigm shift.
For me, I think, it was one of
the most important experiences
of my life outside of the
birth of my daughter, Nicole,
but it was that
extraordinary to me.
What is the appeal to Egypt
over the last 5,000 years?
Where tourism isn't a new thing.
The Greeks were
tourists at 1,000 BC.
What's the appeal?
>>Egypt is built over a very
strong energy vortex on Earth.
Here we are in the
Vortex, right, the show.
And so we know this by looking
at Earth's magnetic field map
from usgs.gov, and
overlaying it over Cairo.
And you can see that there's
this huge magnetic field there,
and coincidentally, a lot
of megalithic structures
are there as well.
So these structures were
built in a specific way
to actually harness the
natural Earth energies,
and also ancient
knowledge and wisdom
was built into the
construction technique.
So the architecture is
like living architecture.
And because of this,
you have all the people
saying they have
all different types
of incredible,
spiritual experiences
and that's why Egypt
draws so many people.
It also, somehow, taps into the
psyche and the consciousness
of a person, where it's
almost as if they feel
like they've been there before.
And they have to go back
and revisit the place
so it's pretty interesting.
>> It's a tangible experience.
>>Yeah.
>>I personally now have
visited these temple sites,
and these pyramids, and
had one profound experience
after another.
Most of them caught
me by surprise.
Is there one temple complex for
you where these things occur?
>>For me, it's really, Dendera,
The Dendera Temple complex.
It's an amazing site,
you've got to drive way out
into the desert, about three
hours out into the desert
to get there.
And when you see this
massive, megalithic structure
just coming up out of
the middle of nowhere,
it takes your breath away.
And as you walk about
the quarter of a mile
to get to the front
door, and go inside,
and you see these super
megalithic columns.
And then a temple
priest takes you
into this underground
crypt, where
you can see evidence of what
looks like to be technology,
and an ancient
storehouse of wisdom
in this underground shaft, it
just really blows you away.
And for me, that's one of
the places where people seem
to have a lot of experiences.
Several people had the
most incredible experience
at Dendera, some
saw lights, some
had a spiritual experience,
some heard things.
And--
>>I saw a lot of tears.
>>A lot of tears there.
A lot of emotion.
>>A lot of tears,
including myself.
Dendera was an extreme
emotional experience for me.
And it's not only the vibrations
of the divine feminine, which
is just everywhere,
it's a feminine temple.
But it's the
cinematic experience
of the artwork and the
carving, and the colors.
There's that part of it too.
And then as you're
walking through,
you can feel these energy
sectors coming in that reach in
and tap into you.
This is unexpected in that,
if you go in there not knowing
what's going to happen,
and I didn't have a coach
with me, you are going to
be affected, aren't you?
>>You are.
You're going to be affected.
You're not going to
realize that it's
going to happen because
it surprises you.
Then all of a sudden,
emotion grabs you.
And I think, it has a lot to
do with the divine feminine.
There's such a
feminine energy there
that really gives you a
certain level of balance.
So a balance that along of
people have been missing
didn't even it was
missing because we live
in a predominantly male
energy type of atmosphere
right now, in this
current state of affairs
on Earth as a civilization,
and our balance
between masculine and feminine
is actually off, even in women.
And that's the way the
programming has been working.
And so you go there and all of
a sudden, the harmony hits you.
And that's when
the emotions kick.
>> I'm going to stay on Dendera,
and I've got a video clip that
we're going to run
here in just a second.
But so much talk about the Great
Pyramid, and it's deserved.
How many people it took to
build it, and how many years.
And we're dealing with the
orthodox dogma of what we've
been told about the Great
Pyramid over the years,
and we understand that.
But when you go to a site like
Dendera, or Abydos, or Karnak,
or these temple sites
have the same amount
of size, the same
amount of engineering,
and are just as
complex, and probably
took the same amount
of time as it took
to build the Great Pyramid.
These sites are
everywhere, all over Egypt.
>>Yeah.
They're all over Egypt.
The architectural floor
plan or the architectural,
I guess, the master
architect, I should say,
really did a great
job laying out
how to build these things, the
technology, and the techniques
to build them, you can see
what looks like, in some cases,
tool markings.
You can see evidence of
advanced tooling and advanced
technologies.
These were not built with
chicken bones and copper tools.
>>No, they certainly weren't.
And you see it everywhere.
So we were allowed the
opportunity, it was my,
birthday by the way, Josh.
Billy, and through his
contacts there in Egypt,
got us some access
to these sites
that at Dendera that hadn't
been opened and accessed
for many, many years.
And Billy we go to,
so much has been
made of the Dendera light bulb.
Under the crypt, in the
main temple of Dendera.
So we go through a
ceremony, and Billy
is given the keys to access
this temple outside of Dendera,
on the grounds.
>>I need a vacation with you.
>>It was amazing.
And we weren't allowed
to talk, and we
weren't allowed to photograph.
Billy and I enter this
very sacred space,
and Billy and I
are standing there.
And we look up, and we saw
another Dendera light bulb
on the wall.
And now, we weren't allowed
to react, we couldn't talk,
we couldn't do anything.
So what went through
your mind as we looked up
and there was another
Dendera light bulb?
>>Well, first I mean,
just to back up,
the fact that I was given
the key by the temple priest
to unlock and open
a place that only
literally administration
had access to,
that was mind blowing.
And I've got to do
this on our tour
in front of all of our
group, which was amazing
and a blessing.
And I unlock it, and
we go in, and then
see when you've
been told and we've
been taught that the only
light bulbs that existed
were the ones in that
underground crypt, which
we had just come out
of not so long ago.
And now here's
more evidence that
isn't any-- no mainstream
document, number mainstream
documentaries.
I have never found it
on Google, it's there.
And it's like, oh, my God,
this is like backing up.
They knew this technology, this
wasn't a fluke, this existed.
>>Billy and I, Josh, we were
told by the temple priest,
no talking.
We go in and we see
this light bulb,
and we want to scream
and jump up and down.
And we're pointing at
it, and looking at it,
but to see it in
pristine condition.
And so after this experience,
and it was profound,
we come out of the temple.
And then, I am told that
we are going to enter
an underground pharaonic lake.
Now we're in the
middle of the desert,
why don't you go ahead
and roll this clip,
and we're told that
it's out and it's
a stairway that's going to go
down about five stories, about
50 feet underneath the desert.
And I can't see
where this is at.
Go ahead and roll the clip.
As we walk across, Billy, it's
Billy and I and the priesthood,
and then we're told
that, you can see there,
there's the three stones, and
that's the stairway going down.
And then I'm told, I can't
photograph, and I can't speak.
So as we-- this is a
stairway going down
into the underneath the
desert, five storeys,
and there's the temple priest,
and he turns to me and says,
oop, turn off the camera.
>>No.
>>And so here, we enter.
And this is one of the most
profound, spiritual experiences
of my entire life.
And I didn't know
what to expect.
This is a sacred site, Billy,
where the pharaohs would
go to cleanse and spiritually,
cleanse themselves
with this crystal,
purified, cool water, deep
underneath the Sahara desert.
You've done it.
>>Yeah.
>>Did you have the same
spiritual experience
as I went through?
>>Absolutely.
When you go down
there, first of all,
you don't know what to expect.
>>You can't see.
>>You can't see,
it's pitch black.
And then you come to
this ice cold water
in the middle of the desert,
that far underground you're
like, wow.
And it's crystal clear and
you're dousing it on yourself
and you're kind of really
giving yourself a self baptism.
You get really emotional because
it's hard to not get emotional
when you think about it.
And it's like, not--
you think there's 8 billion
people on Earth right now,
and less than 1/10
of 1% of those people
will even ever get
a chance to go.
And less than 1% of
those people would ever
get to even see what I just saw,
and touch what I just touched,
and be a part of
what I just did.
So it was really emotional,
really spiritual,
and what a blessing to be
able to give our whole group
the opportunity to go down
there and do that because that
was unexpected.
I didn't know they were
going to give us access
to that this time.
>>So Josh, I go down.
And we get to the bottom.
I can't see.
I can hear water, which
was a strange experience,
you can't see in front of
you, your senses are cut off,
you go from the extreme
heat of the desert.
Now you're down in this
cool, underground lake.
And I walked out into the
water, and splash myself.
>>Was there a
particular ceremony
that you followed, or no?
>>Our tour guide, I
repeated what he did,
which is what Billy did.
Which was completely
drench yourself.
So I do this, I
turn around Billy,
I'm walking up the
steps, and it started,
this thing, the changes that
were happening physically
with my mind, my vision,
my senses, everything
was immediately altered.
I get up to the top, and I
walk out into the sunlight,
and this is what
the ancients knew.
This is the amnesia.
They understood the process of
going from the extreme heat,
to the darkness, to the
cool, cooling down your body,
turning around walking
back out into the sunlight.
The serotonin, melatonin,
conversion that is happening,
the chemical changes
that are happening
with your brain and your body.
So now it's a physical
and spiritual experience.
And that's what the ancients
knew 3, 4, 5,000 years ago.
And I find it
completely profound.
My mind, my frontal
lobes exploded.
And they were doing
this 5,000 years ago.
>>I know, incredible.
>>Billy, these
steps, this entrance
is in the middle of the desert.
How did they know that
there was a lake down there?
Where does this water come from?
It's purified, it's
crystal clear, it's cool,
it's not warm.
Do we have any idea?
>>According to the priest,
it was the knowledge
was given to them
by the material.
From the time Zep Tepi,
those are the gods
that came from heaven to Earth
and turned mud into a kingdom.
And so they gave them
the location of this
and taught them how to go down
there and cleanse themselves.
But the exact
location of the source
of how that water, where it
flows from, how it gets there,
is actually a
secret of the temple
priests, and they are forbidden
to release that information.
>>The Great Pyramid, for me,
my expectations were high.
It wasn't spiritual for
me, it was mechanical.
So I enter the Grand Gallery,
and it's magnificent,
there's no question
about it, it's beautiful.
But it felt industrial to me.
Why for me, did I lack
a spiritual component?
And was it not spiritual at all?
Is it something else?
>>I personally
feel that the Great
Pyramid itself is a
multi-functional stone,
computer, and a machine.
I think, it has
multiple functions,
some of it being formerly
power generation.
I think, it was also a
communications device.
stabilization device.
But inside the King's
Chamber, that's
where some people have some real
spiritual experiences, simply
because of the ratio of
the chamber and the sound,
the resonance of the sound when
everybody went in the chamber
and started homing and
started doing the meditation,
with the ohm, it resonated
off the crystal granite,
and gave them a
spiritual experience.
Other than that, the majority
of that pyramid structure,
the Queen's Chamber, the
tunnels underneath, it's all
like you say, industrial.
It really is a gigantic machine.
>>When I came out of
the Great Pyramid,
I had the extreme
honor and privilege
to be completely alone
on the Giza Plateau.
Everybody else was still
inside of the pyramid.
Josh, roll this piece
of video, please.
I'm alone.
I'm alone on the Giza
Plateau, what should normally
there are tens of thousands
of tourists and camels.
Everybody's gone, and
here I am, I pan around,
I am the only person there.
>>That's a rear shot.
>>And it was quiet,
it was solemn,
but as I gathered my
thoughts, after coming out
of the pyramid, and
the Grand Gallery,
I was overwhelmed with
the profound feeling of,
this is mechanical,
this is something else.
It is void of hieroglyphics,
it is void of artwork.
You hear this, but when
you see a temple that
is beautiful and
adorned, and then you
go to the Great
Pyramid, the first thing
that you're impacted
with is there's nothing
there to make it beautiful.
It feels like a factory.
And so as you can
see, what I was
trying to capture here was
it's perfection, it's size,
but it's not artistic.
It's very mechanical.
>>Absolutely.
144,000 casing stones
have pretty much
been removed and stripped
away from the exterior
of the Great Pyramid, making
it look even more industrial.
It used to have a very
smooth finish to it,
and that those casing sounds
to me, as far as I can tell,
were more like insulation, just
like you would insulate a wire.
But yeah, so you
get that feeling.
And if you look
at the dimensions
of the Great Pyramid,
and the location of it,
you just discover it has a lot
of industrial applications.
For example, if you look at some
of the mathematics incorporated
into the base of
the structure, you
discover that you can
calculate the speed of Earth
around the sun, the speed
of Earth on its axis,
the distance to the moon,
the distance to the sun
can all be calculated by that.
And you can even calculate
the sidereal year,
the tropical year.
And so it has all these
astronomical functions
built into it, but then
when you look at the way
it's constructed, where it was
on top of an ancient aquifer,
which is now dried up.
We know this because
the tubules that
are underneath the Great
Pyramid are still there,
where the water used
to flow from the Nile.
And so that would run
underneath the crystal granite,
creating physical static
electricity, which would then
run up through the
Grand Gallery, which
used to have these
resonating rods,
according to some engineers.
And which would have then gone
up into the King's Chamber,
and would have been
amplified there and shot up
through the apex.
So they're showing
wireless energy, which
would have been picked up by the
Jed's, which we saw connected
to the light bulb, harnessing,
it looks like a Tesla coil,
harnessing wireless
electricity and then sending it
to the light bulbs
for electricity.
And also gold electroplating,
which they had back then.
>>There you bring up
a really good point
where the Egyptologists
over the years
said that there's nothing
underneath the pyramid complex,
there's nothing underneath Giza.
Now we know, that there
was complete tunnel
complex that starts at the bird
tombs on the Northwest corner.
And completely goes
underneath the Great Pyramid.
And these are very
large caves and tunnels.
They weren't supposed to
exist, and now we know that.
And now what is the purpose,
and the weight of these three
pyramids above that the
engineering was put in place
to not only support
that, but to make
sure it had access
to the tunnels that
are going underneath.
And to that point, we had our
own access to the Great Sphinx.
And yes, and so
much has been made
over the years about the
Sphinx just being a statue,
that there's nothing
more to it, it's there
in its own enclosure,
there's nothing to see here.
Of course, Edgar Cayce talked
about a library of documents
underneath one of
the front paws.
No there's nothing there.
Well, he brought this up.
And so Billy got us access,
and I shoot a video.
And I walk around alone, and I
walk around the Great Sphinx,
and I get to the back, and there
it is, an entrance to a tunnel,
underneath the Great Sphinx.
I've got the video here.
Josh, when you first
saw these tunnels,
underneath the Great Sphinx,
and there it is, it's a video.
What went through your mind?
>>That I probably have
a claustrophobia issue
because I don't know if
I could climb down there.
But also, what is down there?
And what secrets can we glean?
>>As we watch the video,
there's two things
that I captured
here, Billy, and I
know that you've seen
this entrance before.
There's two tunnels.
One clearly, this
is the beginning
as I start this walk around.
And the first thing
that you gather
is the absolute size and
perfection of the Great Sphinx.
It's overwhelming to see this.
And so I try to
capture in this video,
not knowing that I
was about to walk
upon these tunnels
and this entrance.
And so this is what I saw.
One tunnel Billy
goes straight down,
and you can't see
the bottom of it.
We're going to see that in a
second, I've got some images.
What's at the bottom
of that first tunnel?
>>Well, underneath
the Great Sphinx,
there's a lot of tunnels.
Some of them lead out for
miles underneath Giza.
And according to
the Emerald Tablets,
Thoth claims they
have even hidden
a ship of some type
underneath the Sphinx.
There have been ground
penetrating radar reports
stating that about
a mile down, there's
a massive cavern or some kind
of opening with something
underneath the Sphinx,
nobody's been given access
to go that deep.
>>When you say ship,
ship for the water,
or a ship as in a craft?
>>Well, he calls it a ship that
has the capability of battling
an invader from the deep, and
he's talking about deep space.
So I don't think it's a ship
that sails out on the ocean,
I think, it's a space
ship of some type.
He says the one
that is the wisest
will be able to free the ship
and defeat the enemy with ease.
>>Now, there is another tunnel.
So you have one that's
going straight down,
you can't see the bottom of it.
I tried to capture it.
And there's another tunnel, off
of this first tunnel, that goes
to the front of the Sphinx.
And what's that leading to?
>>Well, if there's an
ancient papyrus that exists,
and I have a
replica of it, where
it shows Thoth, the Atlantean,
who ruled over the land of Khem
for 14,000 years,
landing on the back
of the Sphinx and
something that looks
like some type of
a star tetrahedron,
some type of a vehicle.
He lands on the
back, and then he
would walk through
the back of the head.
There's a door in the back
of the head, which is sealed
but you can still see the
outline of it at the top.
And then there's
a staircase that
walks-- it winds
down, it comes down,
and he will come out
in between the paws,
but also that there's a
storehouse of more information
underneath that area.
The Dream Stele, which we were
touching when we were there
and taking pictures in front
of, that was added to the Sphinx
much later.
There used to be just a
door behind the Dream Stele
where they would come
right out of the chest.
And underneath that, are more
tunnels leading to other areas.
According to Thoth,
they would lead
to his halls of
Vicente, which was
connected to the Great Pyramid.
>>Do we have the tunnel video?
>>Bringing it up right now.
There you go.
>>So this is a photograph,
that I took and I tried to see
the bottom of the
tunnel, you can't.
>>No.
>>I have no idea
how deep that goes.
The other photograph,
that we have here,
this is the second tunnel
leading off of the main tunnel.
Again, I couldn't
see the end of it.
I don't have any idea
of the length of this,
but these tunnels weren't
supposed to exist.
There was supposed to be
nothing underneath the Sphinx,
and here it is, I
saw it for myself.
>>Yeah.
See the general population
never gets access like we have.
So they're in a
place that's maybe,
I don't know, 50 meters above
and maybe almost 100 yards
or 50 yards away
probably from the Sphinx,
they can't even see down there.
We were actually right up on
it, inside the Sphinx enclosure,
which hardly anybody
gets a chance to do.
And we were able to
see that they do exist.
>>But here's the thing, why
keep this from the public?
And why the continue,
the contempt--
why the continuation
of denial of anything
other than what we've
already been told?
We can see that there are
tunnels underneath the Sphinx.
We know that there are caves
and tunnels, and aquifers
underneath the Great
Pyramid, but nobody
wants to talk about it, and
nobody wants to investigate it.
Why continue with the secrecy?
>>Because if you look
into it and you find out
that it's real, it
verifies the ancient texts
and the ancient documents,
which means all of a sudden,
a lot of dogma and
ideologies have to fall apart
because these things exist.
Also the second reason
is, these ancient texts
talk about hidden
technologies and knowledge
records being stored in
these underground areas.
Which as you know,
the powers that be
want to get that first
because if there's any way
that it gives you instructions
on how to build a weapon,
or something that they can
utilize or they can weaponize,
they want access to that first.
If there's something they
can monetize and convert that
into technology that can
be sold to the masses.
If we go down there, me
and you, and we find it,
we're going to tell
everybody what it is.
But if they get it and
hoard the knowledge,
that they have the power.
>>I think, here's the
most important point
that needs to be discussed,
which is this, you enter Giza
and you look around, and
it doesn't fit the timeline
that we've been told.
You can see with your own
eyes that this is much older
than we have been told.
But you compound that with
site, after site, after site,
after site in Egypt.
Pyramid, after
pyramid, after pyramid,
and there is no way that
all of this construction
got built in the timeline
that they're telling us,
which is just barely
under 1,000 years,
that they got all of these
megalithic structures and sites
and pyramids all built with a
population that didn't exist
to support this construction.
It's obviously much older
than what they're telling us.
If you were going to
start taking guesses
with your information, how
old are we talking about?
Are we going back
10,000 years, further?
>>Well, if you go back
10 or 13,000 years,
we're talking about the
Younger Dryas period, which
was to me a lot of global
catastrophes happening
at that time.
Not a great time to build
megalithic structures
in that area, especially if the
ice sheet has been decimated,
and as we know, come
as far down as Egypt.
>>That's right.
>>So no need to
build at that time.
I think, if you look at the
alignment of the Great Sphinx
with the constellation
of Leo, and go back
two processional
periods, you find
a time of tranquil
peace, a golden era,
and you discover that
in the Emerald tablets
both talks about the fact that
he built the Great Pyramid,
according to him.
And in the Sumerian
tablets, his father
tells him to build the Sphinx
and put his face on it.
Now the face that's there
now is not his face,
it's been recarved
into his nephew's face,
the son of Amun-Ra.
But either way, he
built, I believe,
he was the master
architect of that area.
So we're talking
about 36,000 BC,
we're talking about
38,000 years ago.
>>I'm going to save the best for
last, which is, the Serapeum.
First, it's very close
to the Step Pyramid.
And as you walk through, you're
walking through sand dunes,
you're walking
through the desert,
and you round this bend,
and you go down a hill,
and then underneath the sand is
the entrance to the Serapeum.
Josh, this is not a
joke, as you're walking,
you don't realize what
you're walking on top of.
This ginormous tunnel
and cave system
that is housing
these 100 ton crypts.
Sarcophagus, boxes, whatever
you want to call them.
But when you enter, this
isn't a small tunnel, Billy.
>>No.
>>This is a tunnel complex
that is elegant, it's 10 to 15,
maybe 20 feet wide.
10 to 15 foot tall,
beautiful archways,
and it goes on forever
underneath the sand,
in the middle of nowhere.
>>Wow.
>>It's an accomplishment
of engineering
that wasn't supposed to
exist thousands of years ago.
>>If this wouldn't exist
would be hard to do today.
Actually, to get
those gigantic boxes,
those granite boxes
in those alcoves
would be impossible,
for us to do.
>>Impossible.
>>And so when you
look at this place
and you go down
under, first of all,
the first thing you
recognize like you said,
the engineering feat.
There's no collapse there's
no evidence of a collapse
anywhere, they
understood the materials
they were working
with and how to build.
>>It looks brand new.
>> It does.
>>Pristine.
>>It looks like it
was built yesterday.
>>Yes.
Also you recognize the way
the rock is hollowed out
and to make these amazing
tunnels and these alcoves,
it's vitrified.
So they must have used some
type of a boring machine,
and would have solidified
the tunnels and the alcoves
at the same time.
And then the next
big question is,
each alcove was in
a 90 degree angle,
so how do you get 100 ton
crystal granite box in there.
>>You don't.
You have to materialize
them in there.
>>So as you walk through,
to the left, to the right,
to the left, to the right are
these 100 ton sarcophagus that
are 10 feet tall, you can
walk underneath the lids.
It's the size and the
extreme of everything
doesn't make any sense.
But some of these, most
of them seem to be melted.
I have looked into the
temperature of melting granite,
which is 12, 13, 1,400 degrees.
And to melt a 100
ton granite box,
I don't have any idea
what that technology is.
But Billy, you showed me a
completely melted granite box.
Was it a photon energy weapon?
>>It was bizarre
because if you remember,
in the back of that alcove,
that's the only alcove.
Now this one granite
box that I showed you,
was the one with the star
gates on it, etched into it.
In the back of the alcove,
there is this opening,
this hole that
somehow was blasted
through that back
of that alcove.
And when you turn
around, and look directly
where the direction
of it it's going right
towards the warped, melted
granite on that box.
Some type of beam of energy
of some type in my hypothesis.
I don't know this for
a fact, my hypothesis,
something came through
that back of the alcove
and hit that granite and
warped and melted it,
and made it warped
like hot butter, which
is almost impossible
to do without cracking.
There's no evidence
of any cracking,
it somehow altered the atomic
structure of the granite.
>>And the hieroglyphics,
the lines that were carved,
that adorn this entire
sarcophagus, are still there,
and they're perfect,
it's just melted in,
but the lines are
still straight.
>>The lines are still there.
>>It's crazy, but it's
the most insane thing
that I've ever seen.
And it just doesn't
make any sense.
If you're going to build
a 100 ton granite box,
you're not going
to make a mistake,
you're not going to carve
an indentation into it,
and then carve.
Maybe nobody's going
to see it if I just
paint these hieroglyphics
over the top,
and they won't notice
that I've messed
this up, that's not the case.
You have a perfect, 100 ton,
divine, sarcophagus built.
You've laid all of this
artwork and information
over the top of it.
That's what it was.
You're not going
to make a mistake.
>>No.
>>The damage, this melting
happened after the fact.
>>After.
If you remember, at Dendera
the steps were melted,
the granite steps coming
down, one of the passageways
were also unexplainably
melted, nobody knows how.
You're talking about 2 or
3,000 degrees, whatever
the temperature is to
create liquefied staircases,
coming down there.
So something energetic
was happening back then,
what exactly it
is, we don't know.
But somebody had technology.
Those weren't
torches doing that.
>>All I can say is, I finally
made it, after 59 years,
I did it on my birthday,
and it was, again,
one of the most profound,
life-changing experiences I've
ever had.
I want to thank you
Billy for being here
with us today on
Into the Vortex.
>>Thank you.
>>Thank you Billy.
Thank you, man.
>>Josh, you've got to go.
>>Yeah.
>>You've got to go.
>>You're coming
with us next time.
>>Next time you guys go
please send out an invite.
>>Absolutely.
>>I need that experience.
>>Thank you Billy Carson.
I'm your host, Jimmy
Church, along with Josh.
We'll see you next time
on Into the Vortex.
[MUSIC PLAYING]